I am currently an associate professor at IIIT Hyderabad, where I am affiliated with Center for Visual Information Techonology ( CVIT ). I also advise a beautiful animation startup on their AI and ML related efforts (Animaker.com). I completed my PhD degree at INRIA Rhone Alpes/Univesity of Grenoble in applied mathematics and computer science (mathématique appliquée et informatique) under the guidance of Remi Ronfard. I was funded by the CIBLE scholarship by Region Rhone Alpes. Prior to this, I completed my Masters with Erasmus Mundus scholarship under CIMET consortium. I am extremely thankful to European Union for giving me this opportunity which had a huge impact on both my professional and personal life. I spent a semester each in Spain, Norway and France and later joined INRIA for my master thesis and continued for my PhD there. I was also lucky to travel and deeply explore Europe (from south of Spain to North of Norway), at times purely surviving on gestural expressions for communication. I obtained my Bachelor of Technology degree from Indian Institute of Information Technology, Design and Manufacturing (IIITDM) Jabalpur, India (I belong to the first batch of the insititute).

I like to focus on problems with tangible goals and I try to build end to end solutions (with neat engineering). My current research interests are in applied machine learning for applications in computer vision and multimedia. In recent years, I have been exploring specific problems of computational videography/cinematography; image/video editing; multiple sensor fusion for 3D analytics; sports analytics; document analytics; visual detection,tracking and recognition. In personal space, I like to spend time with my family, play cards, go on bicycle rides, read ancient literature and explore mountains.
